urlLink    Do you see the man in the picture or two people?  Brought to you by HaKx
Yeah, cause it's  obviously  a  urlLink family show .
(damned tarnished halo showing again)
I suggest that the underground press could perform this function much more effectively by the use of cut/up techniques. For example, prepare cut/ups of the ugliest reactionary statements you can find and surround them with the ugliest pictures. Now give it the drool, slobber, animal noise treatment and put it out on the mutter line with recorders. Run a scramble page in every issue of a transcribed tape recorded cut/up of news, radio and TV. Put the recordings out on the mutter line before the paper hits the stand. It gives you a funny feeling to see a headline that's been going round and round inside your head. The underground press could add a mutter line to their adverts and provide a unique advertising service. Cut the product in with pop tunes, cut the product in with advertising slogans and jingles of other products and syphon off the sales. Anybody that doubts that these techniques work has only to put them to the test. The techniques here described are in use by the CIA and agents of other countries ...Ten years ago they were making systematic street recordings in every district of Paris. I recall the Voice of America man in Tangir and a room full of tape recorders and you could hear some strange sounds through the wall. Kept to himself, hello in the hall. Nobody was ever allowed in that room, not even a fatima. Of course, there are many technical elaborations like long-range directional mikes. When cutting the prayer call in with hog grunts it doesn't pay to be walking around the market place with a portable tape recorder. An article in NEW SCIENTIST June 4, 1970, page 470, entitled ' Electronic Arts of Noncommunication ' by Richard C French gives the clue for more precise technical instructions.   In 1968, with the help of Ian Sommerville and Anthony Balch, I took a short passage of my recorded voice and cut it into intervals of one twenty - fourth of a second movie tape (movie tape is larger and easier to splice)- and rearranged the order of the 24th second intervals of recorded speech. The original words are quite unintelligible but new words emerge. The voice is still there and you can immediately recognise the speaker. Also the tone of the voice remains. If the tone is friendly, hostile, sexual, poetic, sarcastic lifeless, despairing, this will be apparent in the altered sequence.  I did not realise at the time that I was using a technique that has been in existence since 1881 ...I quote from Mr. French's article ... 'designs for speech scramblers go back to 1881 and the desire to make telephone and radio communications unintelligible to third parties has been with us ever since'... The message is scrambled in transmission and then unscrambled at the other end. There are many of these speech scrambling devices that work on different principles... 'another device which saw service during the war was the time division scrambler. The signal was chopped up into elements .005 cm long. These elements are taken in groups or frames and rearranged in a new sequence. Imagine that the speech recorded is recorded on magnetic tape which is cut into pieces .02 long and the pieces rearranged into a new sequence. This can actually be done and gives a good idea what speech sounds like when scrambled in this way.'   This I had done in 1968. And this is an extension of the cut/up method. The simplest cut/up cuts a page down the middle and across the middle into four sections. Section 1 is then placed with section 4 and section 3 with section 2 in a new sequence. Carried further we can break the page down into smaller and smaller units in altered sequences.  The original purpose of scrambling devices was to make the message unintelligible without scrambling the code. Another use for speech scramblers could be to impose thought control on a mass scale. consider the Human body and nervous system as unscrambling devices. A common virus like the cold sore could sensitize the subject to unscramble messages. Drugs like LSD and Dim-N could also act as unscrambling devices. Moreover, the mass media could sensitize millions of people to receive scrambled versions of the same set of data. Remember that when the human nervous system unscrambles a scrambled message this will seem to the subject like his very own ideas which just occurred to him, which indeed it did.  Take a card, any card. In most cases he will not suspect its extraneous origin. that is the run of the mill newspaper reader who receives the scrambled message uncritically and assumes that it reflects his own opinions independently arrived at. On the other other hand, the subject may recognise or suspect the extraneous origins of voices that are literally hatching out in his head. Then we have a classic syndrome of paranoid psychosis. Subject hears voices. Anyone can be made to hear voices with scrambling techniques. It is not difficult to expose him to the actual scrambled message, any part of which can be made intelligible. This can be done with street recorders, recorders in cars, doctored radio and TV sets. In his own flat if possible, if not in some bar or restaurant he frequents. If he doesn't talk to himself, he soon will do. You bug his flat. Now he is really round the bend hearing his own voice out of radio and TV broadcasts and the conversation of passing strangers. See how easy it is? Remember the scrambled message is partially unintelligible and in any case he gets the tone. Hostile white voices unscrambled by a Negro will also activate by association every occasion on which he has been threatened or humiliated by whites. To carry it further you can use recordings of voices known to him. You can turn him against his friends by hostile scrambled messages in a friend's voice. This will activate ll his disagreements with that friend. You can condition him to like his enemies by friendly scrambled messages in enemy voices.   On the other hand the voices can be friendly and reassuring. He is now working for the CIA, the GPU, or whatever, and these are his orders. They now have an agent who has no information to give away and who doesn't have to be paid. and he is now completely under control. If he doesn't obey orders they can give him the hostile voice treatment. No, 'They' are not God or super technicians from outer space. Just technicians operating with well-known equipment and using techniques that can be duplicated by anyone else who can buy and operate this equipment.   To see how scrambling technique could work on a a mass scale, imagine that a news magazine like TIME got out a whole issue a week before publication and filled it with news based on predictions following a certain line, without attempting the impossible, giving our boys a boost in every story and the Commies as many defeats and casualties as possible, a whole new issue of TIME formed from slanted prediction of future news. Now imagine this scrambled out through the mass media.  With minimal equipment you can do the same thing on a smaller scale. You need a scrambling device, TV, radio, two video cameras, a ham radio station and a simple photo studio with a few props and actors. For a start you scramble the news all together and spit it out every which way on ham radio and street recorders. You construct fake news broadcasts on video camera. For the pictures you can use mostly old footage. Mexico City will do for a riot in Saigon Chile you can use the Londonderry pictures. Nobody knows the difference. Fires, earthquakes, plane crashes can be moved around. for example, here is a plane crash in Toronto 108 dead. so move the picture of the Barcelona plane crash over to Toronto and Toronto to Barcelona. And you scramble your fabricated news in with actual news broadcasts.  You have an advantage which your opposing player does not have. He must conceal his manipulations. You are under no such necessity. In fact you can advertise the fact that you are writing the news in advance and trying to make it happen by techniques which anybody can use. And that makes you NEWS. And TV personality as well, if you play it right. You want the widest possible circulation for your cut/up video tapes. Cut/up techniques could swamp the mass media with total illusion.   Fictional dailies retroactively cancelled the San Francisco earthquake and Halifax explosion as journalistic hoaxes, and doubt released from the skin law extendable and revenous, consumed all the facts of history.   Mr French concludes his article ...'The use of modern microelectric integrated circits could lower the cost of speech scramblers enough to see them in use by private citizens. Codes and ciphers have always had a strong appeal to most people and I think scramblers will as well...'   It is generally assumed that speech must be consciously understood to cause an effect. Early experiments with subliminal images have shown that this is not true. A number of research projects could be based on speech scramblers. We have all seen the experiment where someone hears his own recorded voice back a few seconds later. Soon he cannot go on talking. Would scrambled speech have the same effect? to what extent does a language act as unscrambling in either-or conflict terms? To what extent does the tone of voice used by a speaker impose a certain unscrambling sequence on the listener?   Many of the cut/up tapes would be entertaining and in fact entertainment is the most promising field for cut/up techniques. Imagine a pop festival like Phun City scheduled for July 24th, 25th, 26, 1970 at Ecclesden Common, Patching, near Worthing, Sussex. Festival area comprised of car park and camping area, a rock auditorium, a village with booths and cinema, a large wooded area. A number of Tape recorders planted in the woods and the village. As many as possible so as to lay down a grid of sound over the whole festival. Recorders have tapes of prerecorded material, music, news, broadcasts, recordings from other festivals, etc. At all times some of the recorders are playing back and some are recording. The recorders recording the crowd and the other tape recorders that are playing back at varying distances. This cuts in the crowd who will be hearing their own voices back. Play back, wind back and record could be electronicly controlled with varying intervals. Or they could be hand operated, the operator deciding what intervals of play back, record, and wind to use. Effect is greatly increased by a large number of festival goers with portable recorders playing back and recording as they walk around the festival. We can carry it further with projection screens and video cameras. Some of the material is pre-prepared, sex films, films of other festivals, and this material is cut in with live TV broadcasts and shots of the crowd. Of course, the rock festival will be cut in on the screens, thousands of fans portable recorders recording, and playing back, the singer could direct play back und record. Set up an area for travelling performers, jugglers, animal acts, snake charmers, singers, musicians, and cut these acts in. Film and tape from the festival, edited for best material, could then be used at other festivals.  Quite a lot of equipment and engineering to set it up. the festival could certainly be enhanced if as many festival goers as possible bring portable tape recorders and play back at the festival.   Any message, music, conversation you want to pass around, bring it pre-recorded on tape so everybody takes a piece of your tape home.   Research project: to find out to what extent scrambled messages are unscrambled, that is scanned out by experimental subjects. The simplest experiments consists in playing back a scrambled message to subject. Message could contain simple commands. Does the scrambled message have any command value comparable to post-hypnotic suggestion? Is the actual content of the message received? What drugs, if any, increase ability to unscramble messages? Do subjects vary widely in this ability? Are scrambled messages in the subject's own voice more effective than messages in other voices? Are messages scrambled in certain voices more easily unscrambled by specific subjects? Is the message more potent with both word and image scramble on video tape? Now to use, for example, a video tape message with a unified emotional content. Let us say the message is fear. For this we take all the past fear shots of the subject we can collect or evoke. We cut these in with fear words and pictures, and threats, etc. This is all acted out and would be upsetting in any case. Now let's try it scrambled and see if we can get an even stronger effect. The subject's blood pressure, rate of heart beat, and brain waves are recorded as we play back the scrambled tape.   His face is photographed and visible to him on video screen at all times. the actual scrambling of the tape can be done in two ways. It can be a completely random operation like pulling pieces out of a hat and if this is done several consecutive units may occur together yielding an identifiable picture of intelligible word. Both methods of course can be used at varying intervals. Blood pressure, heart beat, and brainwave recordings will show the operator what material is producing the strongest reaction, and he will of course zero in. And remember that the subject can see his face at all times and his face is being photographed. As the Peeping Tom said, the most frightening thing is fear in your own face. If the subject becomes too disturbed we have peace and safety tapes ready.   Now here is a sex tape: This consists of a sex scene acted out by the ideal sexual object of the subject and his ideal self image. Shown straight it might be exciting enough, now scramble it. It makes a few seconds for scrambled tapes to hatch out, and then? can scrambled sex tapes zeroing in on the subject's reactions and brain waves result in spontaneous orgasm? Can this be extended to other functions of the body? A mike secreted in the water closet and all his shits and farts recorded and scrambled in with stern nanny voices commanding him to shit, and the young liberal shits his pants on the platform right under Old Glory. Could laugh tapes, sneeze tapes, hiccough tapes, cough tapes, give rise to laughing sneezing, hiccoughing, and coughing?   To what extent extent can physical illness be induced by scrambled tapes? Take for example, a sound and color picture of a subject with a cold. Later, when the subject is fully recovered, we take color and sound film of recovered subject. We now scrambled the cold pictures and sound track in with present pictures on present pictures. We also project the cold pictures on present pictures. Now we try using some of Mr. Hubbard's reactive mind phrases which are supposed in themselves to produce illness. To be me, to be you, to stay here, to stay there, to be a body, to be bodies, to stay present, to stay past. now we scramble this in together and show it to the subject. Could seeing and hearing this sound and image track, scrambled down to very small units, bring about an attack of cold virus? Is such a cold tape does actually produce an attack of cold virus, perhaps we have merely activated a latent virus. Many viruses, as you know, are latent in the body and may be activated. We can try the same with coldsore, with hepatitis, always remembering that we may be activating a latent virus and in no sense creating a laboratory virus. However, we may be in a position to do this. Is a virus perhaps simply very small units of sound and image? Remember the only image a virus has is the image and sound track it can impose on you. The yellow eyes of jaundice, the postules of smallpox, etc. imposed on you against your will. The same is certainly true of scrambled word and image it can make you unscramble. Take a card, any card. This does not mean that it is actually a virus. Perhaps to construct a laboratory virus we would need both camera and sound crew and a biochemist as well. I quote from the INTERNATIONAL PARIS TRIBUNE an article on the synthetic gene: 'Dr. Har Johrd Khorana has made a gene-synthetic.'   'It is the beginning of the end,' this was the immediate reaction to this news from the science attache' at one of Washington's major embassies. 'If you can make genes you can eventually make new viruses for which there are no cures. any little country with good biochemists could make such biological weapons. It would take only a small laboratory. If it can be done, somebody will do it. 'For example, a death virus could be created that carries the coded message of death. A death tape, in fact. No doubt the technical details are complex and perhaps a team of sound and camera men working with biochemists would give us the answer.   And now the question as to whether scrambling techniques could be used to spread helpful and pleasant messages. Perhaps. On the other hand, the scrambled words and tape act like a virus in that they force something on the subject against his will. More to the point would be to discover how the old scanning patterns could be altered so that subject liberates his own spontaneous scanning pattern.   NEW SCIENTIST 2 July, 1970 ...Current memory theory posits a seven second temporary 'buffer store' preceding the main one: a blow on the head wipes out memory of this much prior time because it erases the contents of the buffer. Daedalus observes that the sense of the present also covers just this range and so suggests that our sensory input is recorded on an endless time loop, providing some seven seconds of delay for scanning before erasure. In this time the brain edits, makes sense of, and selects storage key features. The weird DEJA VU sensation 'now' has happened before is clearly due to brief erasure failure, so that we encounter already stored memory data coming round again. Time dragging or racing must reflect tape speed. A simple experiment will demonstrate this erasure process in operation. Making street recordings and playing them back, you will hear things you do not remember, sometimes said in a loud clear voice, must have been quite close to you, nor do you necessarily remember them when you hear the recording back. The sound has bee erased according to a scanning pattern which is automatic. This means that what you notice and store as memory as you walk down the street is scanned out of a much larger selection of data which is then erased from the memory. For the walker the signs he passed, people he has passed, are erased from his mind and cease to exist for him. Now to make this scanning process conscious and controllable, try this:  Walk down a city block with a camera and take what you notice, moving the camera around as closely as possible to follow the direction of your eyes. The point is to make the the camera your eyes and take what your eyes are scanning out of the larger picture. At the same time take the street at a wide angle from a series of still positions. The street of the operator is, of course, the street as seen by the operator. It is different from the street seen at a wide angle. Much of it is in fact missing. Now you can make arbitrary scanning patterns - that is cover first one side of the street and then the other in accordance with a preconceived plan. So you are breaking down the automatic scanning patterns. You could also make colour scanning patterns, that is, scan out green, blue, red, etc. in so far as you can with your camera. That is, you are using an arbitrary preconceived scanning pattern, in order to break down automatic scanning patterns. a number of operators do this and then scramble their takes together and with wide angle tapes. This could train the subject to see at a wider angle and also to ignore and erase at will.   Now all this is readily subject to experimental verification on control subjects. Nor need the equipment be all on control subjects. Nor need the equipment be all that complicated. I have shown how it could work with feedback from brainwaves and visaaceral response and video tape photos of subject taken while he is seeing and hearing the tape, simply to show optimum effectiveness.   You can start with two tape recorders. The simplest scrambling device is scissors and splicing equipment. You can start scrambling words, make any kind of tapes and scramble them and observe the effects on friends and on yourself. Next step is sound film and then video camera. Of course results from individual experiments could lead to mass experiments, mass fear tapes, riot tapes, etc. The possibilities here for research and experiment are virtually unlimited and I have simply made a few very simple suggestions  'A virus is characterized and limited by obligate cellular parasitism. All viruses must parasite living cells for their replication. For all viruses the infection cycle comprises entry into the host, intracellular replication, and escape from the body of the host to initiate a new cycle in a fresh host.' I am quoting here from MECHANISMS OF VIRUS INFECTION edited by Dr. Wilson Smith. In its wild state the virus has not proved to be a very adaptable organism. Some viruses have burned themselves have burned out since they were 100 per cent fatal and there were no reservoirs. Each strain of virus is rigidly programed for certain attack on certain tissues. If the attack fails, the virus does not gain a new host. There are, of course, virus mutations, and the influenza virus has proved quite versatile in this way.Generally it's the simple repitition of the same method of entry, and if that method is blocked by any body or other agency such as interferon, the attack fails. By and large, our virus is a stupid organism. Now we can think for the virus, devise a number of alternate methods of entry. For example, the host is simutaneously attacked by an ally virus who tells him that everything is allright and by a pain and fear virus. so the virus is now using an old method of entry, namely, the tough cop and the con cop.   We have considered the possibility that a virus can be activated or even created by very small units of sound and image. So concieved, the virus can be made to order in the laboratory. Ah, but for the takes to be effective, you must have also the actual virus and what is the actual virus? New viruses turn up from time to time but from where do they turn up? Well, lets see how we could make a virus turn up. We plot now our virus's symptoms and make a scramble tape. The susceptible subjects, that is those who reproduce some of the desired symptoms, will then be scrambled into more tapes till we scramble our virus into existence. This birth of a virus occurs when our virus is able to reproduce itself in a host and pass itself on to another host. Perhaps, too, with the virus under laboratory control it can be tamed for useful purposes. Imagine, for example a sex virus. it so inflames the sex centres in the back brain that the host is driven mad from sexuality, all other considerations are blacked out Parks full of naked, frenzied people, shitting, pissing, ejaculating, and screaming. So the virus could be malignant, blacking out all regulation and end in exhaustion, convulsions, and death.  Now let us attempt the same thing with tape. We organize a sex-tape festival. We organise a sex-tape festival. 100,000 people bring their scrambled sex tapes, and video tapes as well, to scramble in together. Projected on vast screens, muttering out over the crowd, sometimes it slows down, so that you see a few seconds, then scrambled again, then slow down, scramble. Soon it will scramble them all naked. The cops and the National Guard are stripping down. LET'S GET OURSELVES SOME CIVVIES. Now a thing like that could be messy, but those who survive it recover from the madness. Or, say, a small select group of really like-minded people get together with their sex tapes, you see the process is now being brought under control. And the fact that anybody can do it is in itself a limiting factor.   Here is Mr. Hart, who wants to infect everyone with his own image and turn them all into himself, so he scrambles himself and dumps himself out in search of worthy vessels. If nobody else knows about scrambling techniques he might scramble himself quite a stable of replicas. but anybody can do it. So gon on, scramble your sex words, and find suitable mates.  If you want to, scramble yourself out there, every stale joke, fart, chew, sneeze, and stomach rumble. If your trick no work you better run. Everybody doing it, they all scramble in together and the populations of the earth just better settle down a nice even brown colour. Scrambles is the democratic way, the way full cellular representation. Scrambles is the American way.   I have suggested that virus can be created to order in the laboratory from very small units of sound and image. Such a preparation is not in itself biologically active but it could activate or even create virus in susceptible subjects. A carefully prepared jaundice tape could activate or create or create the jaundice virus in liver cells, especially in cases where the jaundice liver is already damaged. The operator is in effect directing a virus revolution of the cells. Since DOR seems to attack those exposed to it at the weakest point, release of this force could coincide with virus attack. Reactive mind phrases could serve the same purpose of rendering subjects more susceptible to virus attack.   It will be seen that scrambled speech already has many of the charictaristics of virus. When the speech takes and unscrambles, this occurs compulsively and against the will of the subject. A virus must remind you of its presence. Whether it is the mag of a cold sore or the torturing spasms of rabies the virus reminds you of its unwanted presence. 'HERE ME IS.'   So does scrambled word and image. The units are unscrambling compulsively, presenting certain words and images to the subject and this repetitive presentation is irritating certain bodily and neutral areas. The cells so irritated can produce over a period of time the biologic virus units. We now have a new virus that can be communicated and indeed the subject may be desparate to communicate this thing that is bursting inside him. He is heavy with the load. Could this load be good and beautiful? Is it possible to create a virus which will communicate calm and sweet reasonableness? A virus must parasitise a host in order to survive. It uses the cellular material of the host to make copies of itself. in most cases this is damaging to the host. The virus gains entrance by fraud and maintains itself by force. An unwanted guest who makes you sick to look at is never good or beautiful. It is moreover a guest who always repeats itself word for word take for take.   Remember the life cycle of a virus ... penetration of a cell or activation within the cell, replication within the cell, escape from the cell to invade other cells, escape from host to infect a new host. This infection can take place in many ways and those who find themselves heavy with the load of a new virus generally use a shotgun technique to cover a wide range of infection routes... cough, sneeze, spit and fart at every opportunity, Save shit, piss, snot, scabs, sweat stained clothes and all bodily secretions for dehydration. The composite dust can be unobtrusively billowed out a roach bellows in subways, dropped from windows in bags, or sprayed out a crop duster ... Carry with you at all times an assortment of vectors ... lice, fleas, bed bugs, and little aviaries of mosquitoes and biting flies filled with your blood ... I see no beauty in that.   There is only one case of favourable virus influence benefiting an obscure species of Australien mice. On the other hand, if a virus produces no damaging symptoms we have no way of ascertaining its existence and this happens with latent virus infections. It has been suggested that yellow races resulted from a jaundice- like virus which produced a permanent mutation not necessarily damaging, which was passed along genetically. The same may be true of the word. The word itself may be a virus that has achieved a permanent status with the host. However, no known virus in existence at the present time acts in this manner, so the question of a benefit virus remains open. It seems advisable to concentrate on a general defence against all virus.   Ron Hubbard, founder of Scientology, says that certain words and word combinations can produces serious illnesses and mental disturbances. I can claim some skill in the scrivener's trade, but I cannot guarantee to write a passage that will make someone physically ill. If Mr.Hubbard's claim is justified, this is certainly a matter for further research, and we can easily find out experimentally whether his claim is justified or not. Mr. Hubbard bases the power he attributes to words on his theory of engrams. An engram is defined as word,sound,image recorded by the subject in a period of pain and unconsciousness. Some of his material may be reassuring: 'I think he's going to be alright.' Reassuring material is an ally engram. Ally engrams, according to Mr Hubbard, are just as bad as hostile as pain engrams. Any part of this recording played back to the subject later will reactivate operation pain, he may actually develop a headache and feel depressed, anxious, or tense. Well, Mr Hubbard's engram theory is very easily subject to experimental verification. Take ten volunteer subjects, subject them to a pain stimulus accompanied by certain words and sounds and images. You can act out little skits.   'Quickly, nurse , before I lose my little nigger,' bellows the southern surgeon, and now a beefy white hand falls on the fragile black shoulder. 'Yes, he's going to be alright. He's going to pull through.'  If I had my way I'd let these animals die on the operating table.'   'You do not have your way, you have your duty as a doctor, we must do everything in our power to save human lives.'   And so forth.   It is the tough cop and the con cop. The ally engram is ineffective without the pain engram, just as the con cop's arm around your shoulder, his soft persuasive voice in your ear, are indeed sweet nothings without the tough cop's blackjack. Now to what extent can words recorded during medical unconsciousness be recalled during hypnosis or scientological processing? To what Extent does the playback of this material affect the subject unpleasantly? Is the effect enhanced by scrambling the material, pain and ally, at very short intervals? It would seem that a scrambled engram's picture could almost dump an operating scene right in the subject's lap. Mr. Hubbard has charted his version of what he calls the reactive mind. This is roughly similar to Freud's ID, a sort of built-in self defeating mechanism. As set forth by Mr. Hubbard this consists of a number of quite ordinary phrases. He claims that reading these phrases, or hearing them spoken, can cause illness, and gives this as his reason for not publishing this material. Is he perhaps saying that these are magic words? Spells, in fact? If so, they could be quite a weapon scrambled up with imaginative sound-and-image track. Here now is the magic that turns men into swine. To be an animal: a lone pig grunts, shits, squeals and slobbers down garbage. To be animals: A chorus of a thousand pigs. Cut that in with video tape police pictures and play it back to them and see if you get a reaction from this so reactive mind.
sometimes when I am quiet and in tune  I feel the cellular world within pop and fizzle as a message is delivered from this appetite to the body it inhabits and in a flash an arm lifts to light yet another cigarette in contemplation  and sometimes I feel nothing at all except the impulse and in a flash an arm lifts to light yet another cigarette in unconsciousness  and sometimes I feel everything at once and in a flash an arm lifts and I forget why so I light another cigarette to punctuate the moment of forgetfulness  and sometimes I have to remember that I smoke too much and think too little for my own good  © 2002 DC Vision
Work sucks arse today and so does my old ass co-worker with nothing nice to say! Grumpy for no reason, i think she forgot her pills..... I would love to sit her down in a room (like in a cop show) and let her have it!  In other news today, i went to the dentist! Good news and bad news! Here is the lowdown  I have been going to this other dentist for about 5-6 times. She insisted that i needed a deep gum cleaning. I told her that i could not afford it and she howned me until i was able to get the money together. Telling me that my teeth were going to rot out, blah blah. So i had it done, it hurt like hell, they have to go under the gums and clean! Then she tells me that i need like 4 Root Canals! I was thinking, why would i need root canals and i have no cavities? So i took myself to another dentist that was highly recomended. He said that i do not need any root canals and my teeth were fine. I do however need to get my wisdom teeth out, they are putting pressure on my teeth. That will be hurtful, seeing how they are full grown and i have to have bone cut to get them out. I will survive im sure, just pain to look forward to!  I wrote Robert a quick e mail.....  Fell asleep reading my book last night, then woke up at 4am, having  the damdest time going back to sleep.....  Jason leaves me more every day.....  Ken and that AOL problem....  Guys up at work wanting to kiss me....  My body is still ugly and i am not nice to look at! What will i do?
Hmm well today, I talked to Rachel, havent heard from her in ages, its way cool, GO CANADA!!!!!
don't feel like you have to perform... just talk  ...   That was one of my lines from the script of  A Chorus Line . We finished up the run  this past weekend. I was sad to see it end, but not for just the usual reasons. No, this time there was more. ACL was the place I went every night this summer while Grandma was in the hospital and in hospice...it was my escape and my relief. Of course I miss my friends from the show, and will continue to see them, but there is always that sense of finality...a parting of ways...like breaking up.   But there are new diversions and relationships to explore and develop, and I am excited about what new things are in store. I remain resolute about returning to blogging. I managed to miss my August 10 Blogaversary...I'm three years old now! I feel like grandpa in a pack of excited/slick up-and-comers...but I am so thrilled to see blogging  finally  take off 'round these parts. There are some amazing Clevebloggers...I would suggest clicking on that Brewed Fresh Daily link to visit a few. Check them out...they're really wonderful, some of them...
I saw Branagh's new movie last night: Rabbit Proof Fence. I have to say his performance was phenomenal as usual. The rest of the movie was also very powerful. I thought it was moving and that the director did a very good job of creating symbols of power and conveying emotion without words. There were parts were a word wouldn't be uttered for several minutes on end, and these were some of the most emotional moments. I was especially impressed by the aboriginal actor who played the tracker, Moodoo. He said only one brief phrase that quite frankly I didn't understand what he said, but he carried himself with such a presence. It was like he was stone cold but you could see deep down that he had inner conflict. His air of seriousness was just amplified by his stone cold facial expression (I say expression because it rarely changed). The girls who played the runaways were very good considering it was their first time acting. The one thing that got me was how they would always run into these random people in the desert that gave them food and showed them directions. But hey, it's a true story. Really makes you think the kind of cruelty that went on in the world and hardly anyone knows about it. We had to see this movie at Canada Square which is an old skool theatre. No stadium seating, no big comfy chairs, small ass theatre and screen. But it was coo'. Cause it made me feel smarter seeing an intellectual film. HA! That's all.
First of all, Dougie, the abbreviations USB and CSB stand for United States of Blog and Confederate States of Blog, not Universal Serial Bus and ...... whatever the other one was.  Tonight, the contest shall begin.  The one most important rule is that you  MAY NOT MENTION THIS CONTEST ON BLOG OF THE DAMNED, NO CHANGING IT IN ANY WAY .  Graaaagh!!!
My father took auto classes in high school.  This fully qualified him to buy an old jeep and re-build it.  It is bright green and red and a piece of crap.  He forced me to drive him in it today.  He brought the dog.  The dog is evil and weighs at least as much as I do.  I would give more specific details, but I am afraid that I would combust.  It was not fun.  It will never happen again.
urlLink A Web Control for Displaying Rounded Corner Tables A common Web UI element among profressionally-designed Web sites is that of a table with rounded corners.  To see what I mean, just check out the boxes on the left-hand side of Amazon.com, or the boxes on the left-hand side on DataWebControls.com.  Creating such a rounded corner interface isn't terribly difficult.  Essentially, you use a graphics editing program to create the rounded corners.  Then, use an HTML   with three columns to display the left corner, the middle, and the right corner .... from Scott's Blog :)
Yesterday was a lot of fun. in the morning we all went to tim hortons, and then in the afternoon dad took us to york redoubt for a scavenger hunt. It was VERY icy there, and so we were always slipping. one of the items was a candy wrapper and i was the only one that found one. It was a very old looking caramel wrapper. A lot of the stuff was hard to find because the ground was covered in ice. Then that night we wen't to swiss chalet for supper. We don't usually go out for supper so this was a special treat.   Today we had a HUGE snowstorm. the snow is probably 3 feet deep in places. its so deep that my entire leg goes into the snow. Understandably its very hard to get out. Its so bad that some of the plows can't run, and when I woke up I could just barely see across the street. As a result of the storm dads flight was canceled, so he had to cancel all the train tickets, and do all this stuff because he won't be going to england today. He is going (god willing) tomorrow instead. All day Mom and dad have been on  the phone and internet finding flights and train tickets for tomorrow, because none of the planes are running. As a result I can't use the phone.   Also I'm not sure about melanies flight, because I'm pretty sure it goes from vancouver to halifax, and I don't know if it will be able to land here. If it does it'll look like she's staying here for the night. If not then she will have to get another flight from vancouver to halifax.  The snow has pretty well buried our neighbours car. It has gotten up to about 1/3 of our van though  Anyway thats enough. My fingers have been excersized enough. They are getting tired. I'm starting to take bigger breaths. I'm sweating on this bitterly cold day. All because of typing. All because of the blog. Who would have thought that a blog would be a way to keep warm. Anyway.
If a  urlLink WEB SITE  falls in the digital forest...
And this is why you don't want to let a fledgling government actually rule things.  They announced -- Actually announced -- the formation of a group that will try to infiltrate insurgent efforts to preempt strikes.  Seems to me like you might want to keep this under your hat for a bit, unless...   ... You're trying fake them out.  Make them paranoid, thinking everyone involved in the plans is a spy.  Somehow, I don't think that's the case.  Which means that these groups will likely close themselves off to new people joining.  I guess I just don't understand the motivation behind announcing a group with such a target.    Not that it isn't a good idea for the new Iraqi government to try to stop the insurgency.  11 killed yesterday and 10 more today.  I think we're all hoping that these Islamic groups will see that they are attacking Muslims and finally stop the carnage.         urlLink Read more!
Can we have an online chatroom exclusively for exun members? It will be great if we could manage that. Exun members online can interact and share ideas with eachother even during holidays. Also online meetings can be conducted. MSN etc. cannot serve this purpose as&nbsp;every one then needs to know eachother's id, include them,allow them....etc.etc.etc. No complications at all, just login and if there are members online start chatting immediately. We can have username and password to control entry into the chatroom. Do comment on this idea, folks.
No postponement is  urlLink reportedly  needed, just bedlam at the polls and a low turnout on the West Coast is Bush's plan for victory...  (Thanks to  urlLink Cryptome )
Whew! Chinese New Year today.. so many things happening at my house. Ujournal was down for a while, so I couldn't write, so it's not my fault. Bleah. Not that my life's that interesting anyway. Starting from the beginning. School Friday: Lots of trouble happening. Police. Weed. Car emblems. Felonies. I won't put in details, because I'm not even sure if what I heard was true. Anyway, yesterday night, I went to the concert at Redwood with Jessica. It was pretty good, and the Mongolian chanting thing was my favorite. Jessica kept pointing out things, and we would laugh over them quietly, and this woman with really weird hair kept on turning around and looking at us like we were juvenile delinquents or something. I mean, come on. If she had noticed the things we did, she would be laughing too. I think...
2 June 2001, Saturday, 12.30am.  Is the pain here to stay? It’s excruciatingly hard and emotionally painful trying to let go of the past.  I’ve come to realise that one has to let go of the past by forgiving oneself first. It is only then that we can eventually move on with our respective lives.  Reading self-therapy books only helps in identifying the stage I’m in at this point in time. According to the book of  “still in love and not over it” symptoms, I’ve fulfilled enough to slap myself for residing in the last stages of break-up.  One:Drinking too much (the bartenders know u on a first name basis and your favourite mixers.) Two:Watching movies alone (amidst the stares of narrow minded singaporeans who think single people at theatres are psychos) Three: Lonely café days (writing the depressing thoughts in your journal) Four:Checking the phone for messages in a compulsive mode (every 5 min, i could've sworn the mobile vibrated). Five:Calling him to tell him how much I missed him (only once when I was really pissed) Six:Still calling him out (on the pretext of 'simple dinners'). Seven:Pretending to message him wrongly on the pretext that he’d answer (superbly desperate attempt to hear his voice). Eight:Clubbing excessively (losing yourself in the night) Nine:Eating alone (cos you can't bear to talk to anyone). Ten:Crying before I go to bed every night (and resulting in the oriental single eyelids). Eleven:Not able to erase his number totally (which i've written down in an old phone book for old times sake).
XMAS IN JUNE IS FRIDAY JUNE 25TH, WHICH IS ONLY 16 DAYS AWAY, AND IT WOULD BE NICE IF EVERYONE RECIEVED THEIR XMAS GIFT ON TIME!  ANYONE WHO DOESN'T COME THROUGH WILL BE DUMPED.
that was an awesome post by the way, ei!!!  ok, lets start with the nature of all things divine, etc... wait, non, lets start with a disclaimer. hehe! that was french back there. alright...   DISCLAIMER: i dont claim to know eveything. this is just my opinion. in all likelihood im wrong. i accept that, but i believe what i believe anyway. dont kill me because of it and i wont kill you, ok? good. i am also feeling rather disorganized and happy right now, so this post may make no sense whatsover. so be it. here i go   i hate it when people fight over religion and who's right and who's wrong. believe what you want to and what makes sense or speaks to you, and be tolerant of others who believe differently. so many wars could have been prevented and so much suffering could have never happened if humans just accepted that its all right to disagree. no one is ever completly right. i dont believe theres such a thing as a universal truth. things are never as clear-cut as that, cause theres always two sides to the issue and different ways you could argue it. we should all just agree that we may be wrong and accept that others may be right. or we all may have been completely, totally wrong all along. we all really descended from little chunks of ice and dandelions rule everything.   i talk about the weather gods and minor theft gods and homework gods, cause i believe there is a god or saint or lesser divine bureocrat in charge of every single little thing that happens in your life. i dont buy the 'only one god for every single thing in the universe' idea. having said that, i am about to contradict myself. i think theres one big gigantic thingimabob that is present everywhere. call it God, call a supreme force, call it universal energy, whatever. then this person or non-entitial being delegates tasks and areas of overseeing to others. otherwise, with the sheer amount of stuff going on in the universe, no one, however powerful, could handle it all. that would be a bureocratic nightmare. i think its interesting how many religions have this sort of concept. christians with saints, and many indigineous or pagan religions with different gods and goddesses.  as to afterlife, theres an afterlife. i dont believe in hell. i think people who have done a large amount of bad things in their life may have to wander around as mournful ghosts for awhile to make up for it, but no one burns in hell forever. i dont believe anything that created us could be that cruel. all people get pardoned in the end. i believe that when we die, we become 'spirits' or ghosts or something like that, until we feel ready to 'move on'. moving on may be any number of things, from a literal view of heaven to just simply ceasing to exist. maybe, if we're particularly good and we learn what we need to know in life, we become part of the divine bureocracy.  i think whatever's out there is controlling science. they invented science and they are no doubt very amused that we dont understand anything about it. (please imagine a large man with a grey beard sitting on fire and brimstone and chuckling at us. thank you.)   i think its sad how so many people have nothing to believe in anymore. it doesnt really matter what religion. in fact, you dont have to have a religion, just some sort of value or belief system that guides you through life. drifters bother me. somehow, it seems unnatural to me. its in people's nature to doubt and question, but when someone doesnt do any of that, then that bugs me. go forth with wondering inquistion!!! (boy, now thats a bad example of how religion went wrong, if i ever saw one)  i have been to church three times in my life and i have not been baptized. according to some religions, this means im going straight to hell. i dont believe in this. we earn are way to what i think is hell, we dont automatically get there because we dont want water sprinkled on our forehead.   ooo! i forgot to do prayer! here i go... prayer is useful. it helps you to focus on whats going on in your head. if you just sit there and pour out everything thats in your mind to someone you think is listening, you most of the time feel better. i dont know how often it actually changes things though. sometimes ive had some freaky things happen like that. but that might just be the power of coincidence. you never know. this also goes under the whole confession thing. you go confess whatever you think is wrong directly to whatever you think is up there watching you. it could be a specific department, such as the gorging on junk food gods or the homical killing spree gods, or just to the supreme higher power. but it's rather busy. a lot to take care of, you know, the universe is.  are you all bored? i could go on forever on this. should i? probably not.   to summarize (for those of you who looked at all that text and fainted): i believe that there is a universal higher power behind everything in this universe. this power delegates other smaller higher powers to take care of everyday issues. when we die we turn into ghosts until we are ready to go to some other level of exsistance. there is no hell where you burn forever. prayer and confession are a good thing, if only to sort your own head out. nobody is ever completly right, and all religions are equally viable.   et voila, im done. i will be back later i think for a short post. i will try to make that one entertaining, no more of this seriousness, its bad for the head =P   on a completely random note, why are there 15 flies on my bedroom window? *opens the window and frees them*
I can't help but notice how disgusting my keyboard is right now. Did you know that your keyboard likely has more germs living on it than a public toilet?  urlLink Nice .
urlLink Differentiating the Language Arts for High Ability Learners, K-8. ERIC Digest.    This ERIC Digest is by Joyce Van Tassel-Baska.  It examines ways that language skills can be taught to smart students.  From the ERIC Digest:  Differentiation approaches so critical to consider when adapting language arts curriculum include acceleration, depth, complexity, challenge, and creativity. Typically, curriculum is organized according to grade levels, with each subsequent grade level expectation being more demanding than the preceding. When we differentiate curriculum for gifted students, we must move to a higher level of expectation in respect to content, process, and concept demands. One way of accommodating higher expectations effectively is to make more advanced curriculum or content available to students at a younger age, ensuring that all levels of the standards are traversed in the process. When students are provided with advanced content or accelerated through curriculum, teachers need to adjust their expectations to match the students' advanced level. The level of curriculum for gifted learners must be adapted to their needs for advancement, depth, and complexity. For example, after a discussion on major themes in novels and other works, a student might be asked to choose a novel and write an essay about the first chapter in which major themes of the work are explored (VanTassel-Baska, 2002).   Another aspect of differentiation that needs clarification is in the choice of instructional strategies employed. In many respects, there are no strategies that are differentiated only for students who are gifted or have high ability in language arts. Rather, strategy use is inextricably tied to the nature and level of curriculum being addressed. A diagnostic-prescriptive approach to instruction allows students to move at a fast pace and not be subject to instruction in skills already learned. Such an approach is powerful because it allows for an assessment process by which each student's language arts ability can be discerned and adapted for that student.   Some instructional strategies are highly effective when combined with advanced curriculum. For example, questioning can be a powerful tool for demonstrating or encouraging high level discussions in gifted clusters if the stimulus reading or viewing was also challenging. Use of open-ended activities can also prove effective if they are of requisite difficulty. Problem-based learning by the sheer demands of working on ill-structured problems poses a particularly appropriate instructional approach for gifted program use. Thus strategy differentiation involves a set of techniques that need to be matched to advanced curriculum in order to be effective for advancing the learning of gifted students.
wow!! I still have get used to this layout, but honestly, I do like the previous more. It was more of home-like place. I'll play with setting my profile later.
oh well another 3days doesn't blog again..hai...not really busy..juz lazy to blog..humm7 th is coming..should i be exciting or sad?? i have no idea..seriously..b4 the exam is exciting..after is like hai~.~..hahahumm think of doing my mask.so yea..i am doing right now...kinda bored... nowadays  dun wanna to miss drama...but i will miss it lastday..damn....this few days talk to izzat..n so on..we exchange the emoticons...haha so funny..yea..but i am going to miss melvin's flight....damn the day he go the day i come back...shit man..i gonna miss him so much..(hell yea) hahahahumm wat else..tomorrow having my first party..hahah business...coz of ms lai..otherwise won't be any ..:p thz ms lai..n.tomorrow soft ball interform..that wil be very cool...coz 10 i always win..hehe sport champions...!!! blog later..if i forced by someone...like someone..:p
As he spoke he reeled, and fell sprawling face upwards on the ground. His great neck hung heavily backwards and a deep sleep took hold upon him. Presently he turned sick, and threw up both wine and the gobbets of human flesh on which he had been gorging, for he was very drunk.   Then I thrust the beam of wood far into the embers to heat it, and encouraged my men lest any of them should turn faint-hearted. When the wood, green though it was, was about to blaze, I drew it out of the fire glowing with heat, and my men gathered round me, for heaven had filled their hearts with courage.   We drove the sharp end of the beam into the monster's eye, and bearing upon it with all my weight I kept turning it round and round as though I were boring a hole in a ship's plank with an auger, which two men with a wheel and strap can keep on turning as long as they choose. Even thus did we bore the red hot beam into his eye, till the boiling blood bubbled all over it as we worked it round and round, so that the steam from the burning eyeball scalded his eyelids and eyebrows, and the roots of the eye sputtered in the fire. As a blacksmith plunges an axe or hatchet into cold water to temper it- for it is this that gives strength to the iron- and it makes a great hiss as he does so, even thus did the Cyclops' eye hiss round the beam of olive wood,   And his hideous yells made the cave ring again.
